>> Mathew DesLauriers: Anyone
running into anything?
Any questions, comments?
>> Speaker 2: How does three.js
decide what to do if objects
are intercepting with each other?
>> Mathew DesLauriers: That's
a good question.
So the way it works is that it tries
to replicate real life, basically.
So if you see a cube in
front of another cube, and
then you rotate your camera around it so
that you're doing a full circle,
it will know based on the way it's
rendering, it'll be like,oh, this cube is
actually positioned in such a way that it
should appear in front of the other cube.
So it's basically just using these
XYZ positions that you give it.
It's gonna end up placing everything
in this real world space.
And then, depending on where your camera
is, the engine will figure out, okay,
this cube is in front of the other one
based on where you're looking from,
where your vantage point is.
And there's ways of getting around that,
there's actually ways of
kinda hacking with that.
So sometimes you want an object like,
let's say you're in a game engine and
you're building some cool field
with grass and stuff like that.
And then you want it to be
when you look at the sun,
you want there to be a lens flare effect.
And the lens flare
effect might be a circle
that's rendered with some transparency.
And that actually, you have to disable
depth testing, and you have to say that
this circle was always appearing here
no matter where my vantage point is.
But generally, it will handle it for
you as long as you position
things in the right way.